DEVX-2258 Check Prose for Offensive, Ableist and Gendered Language (#3405)
Nexmo/nexmo-developer: _documentation/en/concepts/guides/webhooks.md

## Tips for debugging webhooks

> **Start small** - Publish the smallest possible script that you can think of to respond when the webhook is received and perhaps print some debug information. This makes sure that the URL is what you think it is, and that you can see the output or logs of the application.

Reviewer: Small could also be complex. Maybe `minimal`?

> **Start small** - Publish the smallest possible script that you can think of to respond when the webhook is received and perhaps print some debug information. This makes sure that the URL is what you think it is, and that you can see the output or logs of the application.

Author: ```suggestion
**Start small** - Publish the most minimal script that you can think of to respond when the webhook is received and perhaps print some debug information. This makes sure that the URL is what you think it is, and that you can see the output or logs of the application.
```

Author: @mheap - I left the header alone as "Start small" is a common expression but then defined it as minimal in the description per your suggestion.
